# CI/CD Module

This module sets up a CI/CD pipeline using Google Cloud services, integrated within the Service Level Zones (SLZ) architecture.

## Requirements

- Terraform 0.14 or higher
- Google Cloud Platform account
- Billing account associated with the organization

## Modules

### `cicd`

Defines the CI/CD project in GCP.

- `name`: Name of the CI/CD project.
- `random_project_id`: Generates a random project ID.
- `random_project_id_length`: Length of the random project ID.
- `org_id`: Organization ID.
- `billing_account`: Billing account.
- `folder_id`: Folder ID for shared resources.
- `svpc_host_project_id`: Shared VPC host project ID.
- `activate_apis`: APIs to be activated for CI/CD.
- `labels`: Labels, such as `terraform_managed`.

### `artifact-registry-repository-iam-bindings`

Manages IAM bindings for the Artifact Registry repository.

- `repositories`: List of Artifact Registry repositories.
- `location`: Region of the repositories.
- `mode`: IAM mode, typically `additive`.
- `bindings`: IAM roles and members.

### `cloudbuild-iam-bindings`

Manages IAM bindings for Cloud Build.

- `projects`: List of projects.
- `mode`: IAM mode, typically `additive`.
- `bindings`: IAM roles and members.

## Resources

### `google_artifact_registry_repository`

Defines the Docker Artifact Registry repository.

- `location`: Location of the repository.
- `repository_id`: ID of the repository.
- `description`: Description of the repository.
- `format`: Format of the repository, usually `DOCKER`.

## Compliance with SLZ

The configuration adheres to SLZ principles by ensuring appropriate separation of concerns, permissions, and integration within the overall architecture.

## Usage

Include this module in your existing Terraform configuration and provide the necessary variables.


!!! info
    From this point on the document is autogenerated, don't modify it directly
    
# Code

{% include 'slz-projects-cicd.code' %}
